hello my name's Graham Rainey I'm the
assistant head for holistic care I have
been a true Dean for two and a half
years now it will come as no surprise
that the thing I most enjoy about my
role at Roedean is the girls every day
here is different every girl is
different and and that's something you
get used to that you wake up in the
morning and to some extent you have no
idea what the day will hold sometimes we
plan sometimes we just have to roll with
whatever happens and that's great fun
when I first came to roading as you
approached the school I thought what an
amazing and huge place
it looks very daunting as you drive up
the driveway when I arrived and met the
people particularly the girls I think my
whole idea changed and I thought
actually this is a really normal place
and normal in the best sense just people
getting on doing the kind of things that
we expect them to do having a great time
if I was to sum up Roedean in one word
it would be unique it is a place like no
other and it is a place where we welcome
individuals and we look to find an
individual's unique potential and to
fulfill that parents send their daughter
to roading because they want a place
where she will be encouraged to be who
she is to find her particular talents to
explore those and we hope that in being
here girls will find that they can do
things that they never dreamed possible
the best thing about Rodin's location
has got to be the spectacular views of
the sea which change day by day as well
as that we're close to Brighton which is
an amazing city there's always something
different going on and for those who
like to travel further afield London is
less than an hour away by train and and
so we have a capital city basically on
our doorstep